Sam and Dean saved the day. But Azazel is not willing to stop anytime soon. He rises again after 10 years. There are a number of churches connected by each other through a network of two way roads. Note that all the roads will have distinct time taken to travel that road.  

He is all set to destroy the church in which he was defeated, also known as the Master Church. Azazel is desperate and decides to travel the shortest path and destroy all the churches that come on his way to the Master Church. In case there are more than two shortest paths (taking the same amount of time), he decides to choose the one which takes him to an intermediate church quicker.
For eg. trajectory of time taken by two path is
2hr -> 5hr -> 8hr -> 9hr
4hr -> 7hr -> 3hr -> 10hr
Although both take the same time, he will choose the second one, since he will get to the second church 2 hours earlier(…so greedy). 

But Sam and Dean sensed his awakening. Moreover they know his starting church B and that he is planning to destroy Master Church C. They start travelling from their starting church A but here’s the catch.

Some of the roads to various churches are broken. So they tell other hunters to start the road repairing just when they start to travel from A. All the roads start to repair when Sam and Dean start to travel simultaneously. Every road takes some amount of time to repair. If Sam and Dean reach a church, and the road connecting to the next church is broken, then they need to wait for the remaining time taken to repair the road. Broken roads don’t slow down Azazel.

For eg. If the time taken to repair a road is 7 hours and Sam and Dean reach that road after 8 hours of travel and waiting combined, then they don’t need to wait. However if they reach the road after less than 7 hours, then they need to wait for the remaining time. 

They will stop this destruction if they reach any of the churches on Azazel’s path before him. If they all reach the same church at the same time, then the church will be destroyed but Azazel will also be defeated. Azazel will destroy every church in his route. Sam and Dean have to minimise this damage. Help them in doing so and find out the number of churches Azazel destroys before Sam and Dean can catch him. 
If Azazel cannot reach the Master Church print -1
Note: All three churches, Sam & Dean's position, Azazel’s position, and position of Master Church are distinct. 


INPUT
First line contains 5 numbers N,M,A,B,C. N denoting the number of churches, M denoting the number of roads, A denoting the starting Church of Sam and Dean, B denoting the starting church of Azazel and C denoting the Master Church

Next M lines contain 4 numbers U,V,W,R each. U, V denoting the church this road is connecting, W denoting the time taken to travel this road and R denoting the time taken to repair that road. If time taken to repair a road is 0, then the road is not broken. 

OUTPUT
Single line containing the minimum number of churches Azazel will destroy. If Azazel cannot reach the Master Church print -1

CONSTRAINTS
3<=N<=100
1<=M<=min(N*(N-1)/2,10000)
1<=A,B,C,U,V<=N
1<=W<=M
1<=R<=M

SAMPLE INPUT 1
7 9 1 7 4 
1 2 2 1 
1 3 2 2  
2 4 6 10 
1 5 2 1 
4 5 5 3 
3 6 3 4 
6 5 1 2 
3 7 2 1 
6 7 2 2 

SAMPLE OUTPUT 1
3

Explanation 
Azazel follows the following route
7-> 6 -> 5 -> 4

However Sam and Dean reach at 5 just when Azazel reaches there. So he destroys 7 6 and 5. 
Hence 3 is the answer. 
